1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

    Allows you to recycle code and be part of a divide & conquer algorithm.


2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or 
    when the function is called?

    When the function is called, the program goes to the function definiton to 
    begin the execution.


3. What statement creates a function?
    
    def functionName(someParameter):
        # Some sexy code here


4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

    A function call is when a function is called for execution, while a simple 
    function is a method implementation that could or could not be used.


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

    There is only one global scope. The number of local scopes depends 
    of the program.


6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

    It is destroyed, so it is important to keep track of your scopes.


7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
    
    A return value is the result (value) that a evaluated function returns.


8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value
    of a call to that function?

    None return value.


9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?

    Using <global> keyword before the varible declaration.


10. What is the data type of None ?

    It is a return value for non-returning value functions (void), as well a 
    value that represent absence of value (NULL)


11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?

    import <longNameLibrary>, this enable the use of method store in 
    <longNameLibrary>.


12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam , how would you 
    call it after importing spam ?

    import spam   |  from spam import bacon
                  |
    bacon()       |


13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?

    With a try/except block.


14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?

    try: statement to test.
    except <errorName>: Error handling operation/message.